E/16/096

(1)
a)What do you see in the response when calling the API root endpoint https://api.github.com.
	It gives a json/application type of a response(mentioned under the header content-type).
	
	The response body consists of a list of urls(in json) which directs to different sections
of github that a user can access.
	


c)What is the purpose of the various X-Ratelimit- headers that you see in the response?
	The headers of the response consists of some headers starting with 'X-' which shows the
custom headers(extended headers), including the X-Ratelimit- headers. These X-Ratelimit- headers 
show how many requests a client can make within a defined period of time and how many requests 
the client has already made. 
	 
	

d)To access restricted operations via the API, you need to authenticate yourself first. Explain 
what effect the following code has at the HTTP protocol level, when a request is made using that
session.
	A session is used when it is needed to control how the requests are made. By using a
session, we can define parameters so that they'll be constant for all the requests made in that
session.
	Here, the 'Authorization' header is set with the personal API token.In this way, the
crendentials to authenticate a user can be sent using the header,when the requests are made 
during the session.
	 


(2)
c)Github has two versions of its API currently available: v3 and v4. Why is that? Explain the 
difference between the two versions. Is one “better” than the other?
	The 2 versions of API in github are GraphQL(v4) and Rest API(v3).
	The older version among the two i.e. Rest API will provide a large amount of information
in a response where the client will have to further process the response to get the specific 
details required.But, GraphQL is a query language where the client can specify the information 
needed so that only the needed information is retrieved from the server. 
	Therefore, depending on the user requirement either one of the 2 versions might be 
suitable. Though, GraphQL is a later version, it is not necessarily better than Rest API.



